Hello welcome to the course on block chain.
My name is curial Eremenko and I will be one of your two instructors on this course and I'm super excited
to welcome you into this training program and the purpose of this first tutorial is to look at the structure
of the course to help you navigate it better as you go through the tutorials later on.
So let's have a look at how this course comes together.
First of all in this course we will start off by talking about module one block chain intuition.
So Atlanta and I are both big believers in the fact that intuition is a very important component of
learning complex topics such as block chain and in in the intuition tutorials will understand everything
that we need to know about the fundamentals of block chain on a very intuitive level so it just makes
sense.
And then after module one after the intuition of Module 1 you will have the practical side of module
one which is creating a general purpose block chain where Adeline will walk you through step by step
of how to program your own blotching.
Then we'll move on to module 2 which consists of two parts in terms of the intuition module to a is
the cryptocurrency intuition where you will found out all of the fundamentals of how cryptocurrency
is work and module to be is the crew to currency transactions intuition.
Where will we will deep dig even deeper into how the transactions work for cryptocurrency.
So basically module 2 will be building upon what we learn in Module 1.
It will help us delve deeper into the application of block chain which one of the allegations which
is cryptocurrency.
Then again you will have a practical session a practical module.
Where at lunch walk you step by step through the process of coding your own cryptocurrency using that
general purpose block chain that we created in the first module and then finally will have module 3
create a smart contract in module 3 in the intuition of smart contracts will talk about what these smart
contracts are why they mean the next future for the Internet and how this is all related to block and
how it all comes together on block chain.
And once again we will build on the foundational knowledge that we have.
We would have covered by then in Module 1 and modules to and at the same time again you will have a
practical component for module 3 which is create a smart contract where Adlon will walk you step by
step through creating a smart contract and actually launching or imitating an ice CEO to see how those
smart contracts can be used in the real world.
So now a couple of comments about how you could go through this course.
There are a couple of ways how to traverse through through these tutorials.
The first way would be the full monty and that is to go through every module.
And bear in mind that every module here contains multiple tutorials between 10 and even more up to 20
tutorials and every single Munjal and the Full Monty would include going through them one by one like
this so much a one intuition then one practical module to intuition to practice them with your three
intuition module through practical and that way you will cover absolutely everything.
However this will take a lot of time and in this case you will need to do both the intuition and the
coding aspects.
So that's the full monty approach.
That's of course the most challenging approach and most thorough approach at the same time.
Having said that you might have a different goal for this course.
Your goal for this course might not be to become a block chain developer you might not want to code
and that's totally fine.
So I really wanted to stress this and do this tutorial that if you're taking this course to learn about
block chain and maybe start a consulting business and block chain or maybe apply block chain in your
own work or develop some sort of strategy for your business or involve chain and you don't really want
to code.
That's totally fine too.
In that case for instance you could take the block chain expert or expert block chain knowledge path
through the course and you could simply go through module one intuition module to intuition and module
through intuition completely disregarding the coding aspects of it and the beautiful part about this
course is that if you ever do want to get into coding you can always come back and do the coding later
and learn those things later.
We specifically structure the course in the way that you can take the intuition tutorials which are
highlighted here or the modules that are highlighted here in green were found having to go into the
purple modules and still get all of that.
All those foundations all of that knowledge which will take you into the top five to 10 percent of people
on the planet who know about blotching that is in itself extremely valuable.
Once again for publications such as consulting space or block chain or strategy in the space of launching
and block change of business or just general knowledge about blocking and to see how it might disrupt
your profession.
And finally if you don't have that much time where you don't want to dive into the technicalities of
certain aspects such as crypto currencies and smart contracts you can go down the path which is block
chain fundamentals and that is simply by taking module one block chain intuition and nothing else.
Even if you just complete the first part of this course the intuition tutorials for Module 1 you will
already be very well equipped to have conversations about block chain to understand what it is and to
explain to others how it works how different components where there is decentralization whether it's
hash cryptography whether it's the Byzantine full tolerance how all of these things work and how they
come together to create this new phenomenon which is blotching.
And finally it's also worth mentioning that you can take these modules and these are drolls in any order
you like for instance you might want to just jump straight into module 3.
And the more the intuition and the practical part if you feel that you have a good grounding in everything
else you can always come back to the course later on.
You can take the tutorials and in your order that you like.
Those were just some of the recommendations that we've come up with.
And on that note I hope you're super excited about this course as excited as we are.
Can't wait to see on the first tutorial.
And let's just straight into it.
And until next time enjoy blockaders.